Doc test data instructions (#45)
ghiggi/gpm_api: docs/source/02_installation.rst

Further details about pre-commit hooks can be found in the Contributors Guidelines, specifically in the provided in the :ref:`Code quality control <code_quality_control>` section.

Download the test data
......................

> Some of GPM-API's tests require additional data to be downloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of GPM-API's tests require additional data to be executed. If you want to run the full GPM-API test suite on your local machine, you also need to download such additional test data.
```

Further details about pre-commit hooks can be found in the Contributors Guidelines, specifically in the provided in the :ref:`Code quality control <code_quality_control>` section.

Download the test data
......................

Some of GPM-API's tests require additional data to be downloaded.

> Ensure you have ssh keys set up for your GitHub account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, ensure you have your GitHub account ssh keys set up correctly. 
```

Reviewer: Maybe add here a link here on how to set it up?

> If you did not yet clone GPM-API on your computer, run:

Reviewer: I would avoid to specify this. Contributors must fork their repository, not the main one. 
I would suggest:
After having clone your forked repository, go in to the gpm_api directory and run git submodule update --init --recursive
